[default]
open_url= O
tabopen= t
tabopen_url= T
backopen= b
backopen_url= B
winopen= w
winopen_url= W
tab_hist_back= 
tab_hist_forward= 
win_hist_back= 
win_hist_forward= 
stop_loading=Control c
normal_mode=Control [
hints_win= ;w
win_bookmarks= 
quickmark= go
tab_quickmark= gn
win_quickmark= 
clear_tab= 
only= 
start_page= gh
tab_new= gH
focus_tab= 
paste= 
tab_paste= 
win_paste= 
paste_primary= p
tab_paste_primary= P
win_paste_primary= 
hints_clipboard= 
hints_primary= ;y
yank= 
yank_primary= yy
yank_title= 
yank_title_primary= yt
set_setting= 
set_local_setting= 
set_key= 
toggle_plugins_host= 
toggle_plugins_uri= 
toggle_plugins_host_tmp= 
toggle_plugins_uri_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_host= 
toggle_scripts_uri= 
toggle_scripts_host_tmp= 
toggle_scripts_uri_tmp= 
proxy= 
execute_userscript= @@
new_tab= 
new_win= 
web_inspector= 
save= 
save_search_field= gs
allow_session_cookie_tmp= CT
allow_cookie= CC
allow_session_cookie= CS
bookmark= M
buffers= gt
cancel_download= ad
sanitize= 
close_tab= d
entry_escape=Control c
entry_confirm=Control g
entry_history_back=Control k
entry_history_forward=Control j
entry_delete_letter=Control h
entry_delete_line=Control u
entry_delete_line_end=Control e
entry_delete_word=Control w
entry_delete_word_forward=Control e
entry_word_back=Control b
entry_word_forward=Control f
complete_bookmarks=Control B
complete_history=Control H
complete_path=Control p
complete_searchengines=Control S
complete_userscript=Control U
download= gd
download_set_execute=Control x
command_mode= :
execute_javascript= 
eval= 
find_backward_ic= c?
find_backward= ?
find_forward_ic= c/
find_forward= /
find_next= n
find_previous= N
focus_input= gi
focus_next= J
focus_prev= K
history_back= H
history_forward= L
insert_mode= i
show_keys= Sk
load_html= 
load_html_tab= 
lock_domain= xd
lock_uri= xu
tab_move_left= gl
tab_move_right= gr
tab_move= gm
open_editor=Control e
print=Control Mod1 p
protect=Control P
quit=Control q
reload= r
reload_bypass_cache= R
reload_userscripts= 
save_session= ZZ
save_named_session= gZZ
save_quickmark= m
scroll_down= j
scroll_right= l
scroll_left= h
scroll_page_down=Control f
scroll_page_up=Control b
scroll_halfpage_down=Control d
scroll_halfpage_up=Control u
scroll_bottom= G
scroll_top= gg
scroll_up= k
local_set= 
set= 
show_settings= Ss
show_bookmarks= Sb
show_downloads= Sd
show_history= Sh
show_quickmarks= Sq
toggle_local_setting= 
toggle_setting= 
toggle_tab=Control @Tab@
fullscreen= @F11@
toggle_hidden_files= g.
presentation_mode= @F12@
visible= xv
toggle_bars= xx
toggle_statusbar= xb
toggle_tabbar= xt
undo= u
view_source= gf
dump= 
zoom= =
zoom_in= +
zoom_out= -
hints_background= ;b
hints_images_background= .i
hints_url_background= .o
bookmarks= gb
hints= f
hints_download= ;d
hints_editable= ;e
hints_images= ;i
hints_links= ;;
hints_rapid= ;r
hints_url= ;o
open= o
hints_tab= F
hints_images_tab= ;I
hints_url_tab= ;O
tab_bookmarks= gB
hints_rapid_win= ;R
tabdo= 
reload_bookmarks= 
reload_quickmarks= 
print_preview= 
